Apple Fitness
fitness
Apple
2015
The first fitness service powered by Apple Watch. Offers 11 workout types, and guided meditations. Stay motivated with real time metrics, like your heart rate, onscreen. New workouts every week, from 5 to 45 minutes. Walk or run with audio-guided experiences using just your watch.

OneNote
school
Microsoft
2012
OneNote is your digital notebook for capturing and organizing everything across your devices.  Jot down your ideas, keep track of classroom and meeting notes, clip from the web, or make a to-do list, as well as draw and sketch your ideas.

Planner Pro- Daily Calendar
school
Google Play, Apple
2018
Designed for those people who are looking for a full-featured app to manage daily life better.We combine events, tasks and notes in one place so that you do not need to spend extra money for other apps, and it can be used as a day planner, week planner and month planner.

My Fitness - app for strength training
fitness
Microsoft
2013
My Fitness is app based on fundamentally different philosophy. We are against pre-made typical training programs. We deny training routine. We make training accessible in any setting: at home, in a gym, in a park, on a sports-ground.
	
Google Fit: Activity Tracking
fitness
Google Play
2014
It's hard to know how much or what kind of activity you need to stay healthy. That's why Google Fit collaborated with the World Health Organization (WHO) and the American Heart Association (AHA) to bring you Heart Points, an activity goal that can help improve your health.

Classroom
school
Apple
2016
Classroom turns your Mac into a powerful teaching assistant, helping you guide students through a lesson, see their progress, and keep them on track.

Disney+
entertainment
Apple, Goolge Play, Microsoft
2019
Disney+ is the streaming home of your favorite stories. With unlimited entertainment from Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars and National Geographic, there's always something to explore.

Netflix
entertainment
Apple, Google Play, Microsoft
2007
Looking for the most talked about TV shows and movies from the around the world? They’re all on Netflix.